or the people of the apostate we are today
presenting the twin rocker two
rocker accessories twin the kit
catamaran and the float kit this
to also bring the possibility of a
engine mirror we see that it is very fast
of arming in the cases of the catamaran and the
trimaran
it's very easy if you have systems of
quick anchoring which are systems that
jump out of the aluminum pipe so that
get fast in the kayak
the possibility of it is very versatile
that shows that right away you can
be in the water with a very boat
stable and the possibility of placing a
engine
that gives us a lot of comfort if
we want to use it for fishing or for
walking recreation in both cases is
Very stable dialing without always being
more stable the catamaran but the
trimaran for a single person gives you the
possibility of stopping and not having a
very wide mobility within the
boat being a single kayak and
only adding floats and without
also be able to use an engine
The engines that we recommend are
33 hp in the case of the catamaran in the
trimaran if possible the use of
an electric motor if that explosion was
it is not recommended to use it at all
machine because it 's for simple mobility
in cases of fishing or comfort for the
recreation is not a boat none of
the two cases are two houses is a kayak
let's say that with the possibility of
put a catamaran kit for
use it with very good stability and
with engine
or the possibility of using it as
trimaran good agent we wait for you in
our site www point rock kayak.com
point or on facebook can enter by
rocker kayak and we will be waiting for you
so that we know our products
see you later and see you